<section>
    <h2>The spectacular: Motion sensors</h2>

    <p>
    <ul>
        <li>
            Gyroscope
        </li>
        <li>
            Accelerometer
        </li>
        <li>
            Magnetometer
        </li>
        <li>
            EMG sensor
        </li>
    </ul>
</section>
<section>
    <h2>The Gyroscope:</h2>

    <blockquote>
        A gyroscope is a spinning wheel or disc in which the axis of rotation is free to assume any
        orientation. When rotating, the orientation of this axis is unaffected by tilting or rotation of the
        mounting, according to the conservation of angular momentum. Because of this, gyroscopes are useful
        for measuring or maintaining orientation.
    </blockquote>
</section>
<section>
    <h2>The Accelerometer:</h2>

    <blockquote>An accelerometer is a device that measures proper acceleration ("g-force"). Proper
        acceleration is not the same as coordinate acceleration (rate of change of velocity). For example,
        an accelerometer at rest on the surface of the Earth will measure an acceleration g= 9.81 m/s2
        straight upwards. By contrast, accelerometers in free fall orbiting and accelerating due to the
        gravity of Earth will measure zero.
    </blockquote>
</section>
<section>
    <h2>The Magnetometer:</h2>

    <blockquote> are measurement instruments used for two general purposes: to measure the magnetization of
        a magnetic material like a ferromagnet, or to measure the strength and, in some cases, the direction
        of the magnetic field at a point in space.

        The first magnetometer was invented by Carl Friedrich Gauss in 1833 and notable developments in the
        19th century included the Hall Effect which is still widely used.
    </blockquote>
</section>
<section>
    <h2>The EMG sensor</h2>

    <blockquote>Electromyography (EMG) is an electrodiagnostic medicine technique for evaluating and
        recording the electrical activity produced by skeletal muscles. An
        electromyograph detects the electrical potential generated by muscle cells when these cells are
        electrically or neurologically activated. The signals can be analyzed to detect medical
        abnormalities, activation level, or recruitment order, or to analyze the biomechanics of human or
        animal movement.
    </blockquote>
</section>